Implementing Holistic Tracking using Python (#5684)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/articles/implementing-holistic-tracking-using-python/index.md

excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
images:

  - url: /engineering-education/implementing-holistic-tracking-using-python/hero.png
    alt: full-body pose estimation example image 
---
In this tutorial, we will take a look at full-body pose estimation using MediaPipe holistic. The model will detect all the facial landmarks within the face, hands, and poses from our body. 
<!--more-->

### Prerequisites
To follow through with this tutorial, you need to:
- Be familiar with machine learning modeling.
- Be familiar with the individual face landmark and hand detection models.
- Use either Google Colab or Jupyter Notebook.
> For this tutorial, we will be using Google Colab.  

### Table of contents
- [Goal](#goal)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installing and importing dependencies](#installing-and-importing-dependencies)
- [Setting up MediaPipe](#setting-up-mediapipe)
- [Loading up an image using OpenCV](#loading-up-an-image-using-opencv)
- [Detecting landmarks](#detecting-landmarks)
- [Wrapping up](#wrapping-up)

### Goal 
- Setting up the MediaPipe library.
- Detect poses, facial landmarks, and dual hand poses.
- Visualize detections on the screen. 

### Introduction

> The [MediaPipe](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/) library provides a wide range of ML solution models. The model that we will use for this tutorial is the [MediaPipe Holistic](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/holistic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [MediaPipe](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/) library provides a wide range of ML solution models. We will use [MediaPipe Holistic](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/holistic) model for this tutorial.
```

> The MediaPipe holistic model is made up of three different models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MediaPipe holistic model comprises of three different models:
```

- [MediaPipe Pose](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/pose.html).
- [MediaPipe Face Mesh](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/face_mesh.html).
- [MediaPipe Hands](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/hands.html).

`MediaPipe Face Mesh` detects the facial landmarks on the face, `MediaPipe Hands` detects all the joints within our hands, and the `MediaPipe Pose` model detects all the poses within the body.

### Installing and importing dependencies
There are two key dependencies that we will need for this tutorial:
- MediaPipe. 

> - OpenCV. 

Reviewer: Please add external links to these two libraries.
